Say hello to our YouTube transcripts
API. A simple way to scrape video
transcripts instantly. Hi, it's Hilman
from SER API. Let's see how to scrape
YouTube transcript using a simple API
from SER API. Make sure you've
registered at SER API.com to get your
SER API key. Next, we want to export our
SER API API key. Make sure to replace
your actual API key that you get from
our dashboard. Next, create a new
main.py PI file on the same folder we
exported the API key. We can include or
import the API key with this variable.
Of course, you can name it whatever you
want. We will use the request package to
perform the HTTP request. Make sure to
install it with PIP install request. And
then we will prepare the parameter
variables or we call it params here.
Include the API key. You can use the
same method by exporting and importing
the API key or replace your actual API
key string here. We will soon look into
other parameters depending on the search
engine. Next, we will perform the
request get itself and then catch the
response by search.json. And finally, to
beautify the results on our terminal,
let's import JSON. So, we can indent the
response like this. We will use the
YouTube video transcript API from SER
API. Therefore, we will put the YouTube
video transcript as the engine value.
And then we need the video ID. We can
get the video ID directly from YouTube.
For example, let's say I take this
video. Get the video ID like this. And
it's important to put the type in case
we only have the automatic speech
recognition transcript.
Looks good. Now, let's run the file. You
can see an array of each of the text
here complete with the snippet start and
end in a milliseconds. We also provide
the chapters in the response. So if you
are interested in the chapters
information, feel free to scrap it as
well from this just in response. Let's
just focus to the transcript for now.
Let's say we want to loop all the
information here. Here is the example in
the Python. I'll comment out the print
for all the information and we just
focus on these two fields. First, the
snippet and also the start time text on
the transcript response. Let's rerun
this. Now, we should see the tidy
version of the response with only
snippet and also the start time text as
the output here. You also have the
option to define the language for the
transcription whenever it's available.
So let's say for example I'm taking this
video put it as the video ID here and
then let's add a new parameter called
language code and we put the e here for
Germany and it's important to note if
you want to get the translation and it's
not the original uh transcription we
should comment out the type as here and
now we're running the program we should
see the transcription in the language
that we are interested in that's it I
hope you like it see you on the next
video bye.
